Now, let's talk about the different options that we have for a cash that we can use in our system.
So there are two popular open source options that we have.
One is my guest and the other one is that it is now.
Both are pretty popular options and pretty good.
But these days, rest is more popular.
And this is what we are going to use.
And there are reasons also why, and it is fits better in our architecture.
And for that, we will have to look into certain things that this offer, which meant cash doesn't.
The first difference between that is cash and man cash.
This that rate is also provides cash assistance.
So whatever data we are cashing, it can asynchronously write it on disk space also so that where the
data is persistent, so in the case, let's hope the cash crashes or we have to restart the cash for
whatever reason that we are maintaining it, we're going to patch the machine on which cash is running,
so we'll have to restart the cash.
Whatever is the reason.
If the cash goes down, then when it comes up, it will take time for that cash to warm up, meaning
will take time to populate, repopulate the cash with the data and for that period of time are requests
which are not coming, which are not being sold by the cash but are reaching to the database.
Their performance level will go down and it will increase the load on the database.
So caching persistence is a pretty powerful option, which is offered by traders and is not available
in cash.
So that is one big reason why we would like to use reduced cash.
The other reason for which we would like to use right this is eviction policy and eviction policy is
useful in the case where cash memory gets full so cash can evict some data in order to fit the new data.
So that's where these policies like least recently used.
These frequently used are peoples.
They become important.
Now, in some cases, we may not like cash to evict any data.
So this is one such case or one eviction policy of eviction, which is provided only where it is.
It is not provided by cash.
So if we want this kind of policy, then there is another reason to use raids.
Only raids besides supporting all the other eviction policies like members, Support said, also supports
new eviction.
Now, in our case, let's say if you want to get all the products for a particular category, then we
want all the products to be there in the cash.
We do not want cash to evict any of the product because space was less.
So we are going to make sure that we have enough memory in our cash and we do not want our cash to evict
any data.
We want to throw the area that no longer can fill the daytime to the cash.
So that will be a signal for us to actually augment the cash.
But in general, we want cash to retain everything that we have put in the cash for use.
Cases like that can be used, his other use cases as well.
But in our case, the use case that we are talking about is that for a given category of products,
we want all products over there so that the user can bazinet over those products and can view them right
from the memory.
We do not have a need in that case to go to the IDB aims to get the product details.
So for that reason, we would like to go for it.
No eviction case policy provided by status.
So these are some reasons why we would use it in our system.
Now let's look at the court that will have to modify for our system to incorporate risks, and then
we will see the demonstration in which we will run our system with the latest cash.